ENG-2364 - Add Various User API fields (#3599)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/apis/_user-request-body.mdx

  }

  <APIField name="skipVerification" type="Boolean" optional defaults="false">
    Indicates to FusionAuth that it should skip email and phone verification even if it is enabled. This is useful for creating admin or internal User accounts.

    Setting this to `true` will, for all identities created or updated in this request:

>     * Set <InlineField>user.identities\[x].verified</InlineField> field to `false`.

Reviewer: We tend to not use an ending period on bullet list items with single segment fragments.

  <APIField name="user.mobilePhone" type="String" optional>
    The User's mobile phone number. This is useful is you will be sending push notifications or SMS messages to the User.

    <Aside>

>       This differs from <InlineField>user.phoneNumber</InlineField> and cannot be used to log in.

Reviewer: Might be clearer to name each with its use in the aside.

```suggestion
<InlineField>user.mobilePhone</InlineField> is a user attribute that cannot be used to log in. For logging in with a phone number, see <InlineField>user.phoneNumber</InlineField>.```

Author: Fixed

  <APIField name="user.mobilePhone" type="String" optional>
    The User's mobile phone number. This is useful is you will be sending push notifications or SMS messages to the User.

    {/* more */}

    <Aside>

>       This differs from <InlineField>user.phoneNumber</InlineField> and cannot be used to login.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      This differs from <InlineField>user.phoneNumber</InlineField> and cannot be used to log in.
```

Author: Fixed

>   <APIField name="user.mobilePhone" type="String" optional>

Reviewer 2: Did we decide to deprecate this field? Should it be noted here?

Author: I don't know that we did decide to deprecate it.

    { props.http_method === 'POST' &&
        <p>
          This field is optional only if <code>sendSetPasswordEmail</code> is set to <code>true</code>. By default <code>sendSetPasswordEmail</code> is <code>false</code>, and then this field will be required.
        </p>
      }

    { props.http_method === 'PUT' &&
        <p>
          If this parameter is provided it indicates you wish to change the User's password. If you do not want to change the User's password omit this field from the request.
        </p>
      }
  </APIField>

  <APIField name="user.passwordChangeRequired" type="Boolean" optional defaults="false">
    Indicates that the User's password needs to be changed during their next login attempt.
  </APIField>

  <APIField name="user.phoneNumber" type="String" optional since="1.99.9">
    The phone number of the User. The phone number is stored and returned in E.164 canonical format, however a phone number is considered unique regardless of the format. `303-555-1212` is considered equal to `+13035551212` so either version of this phone number can be used whenever providing it as input to an API.

>     If phoneNumber is not provided, then <InlineField>email</InlineField> or <InlineField>username</InlineField> will be required.

Author: Fixed

    { props.http_method === 'POST' &&
        <p>
          This field is optional only if <code>sendSetPasswordEmail</code> is set to <code>true</code>. By default <code>sendSetPasswordEmail</code> is <code>false</code>, and then this field will be required.
        </p>
      }

    { props.http_method === 'PUT' &&
        <p>
          If this parameter is provided it indicates you wish to change the User's password. If you do not want to change the User's password omit this field from the request.
        </p>
      }
  </APIField>

  <APIField name="user.passwordChangeRequired" type="Boolean" optional defaults="false">
    Indicates that the User's password needs to be changed during their next login attempt.
  </APIField>

  <APIField name="user.phoneNumber" type="String" optional since="1.99.9">
    The phone number of the User. The phone number is stored and returned in E.164 canonical format, however a phone number is considered unique regardless of the format. `303-555-1212` is considered equal to `+13035551212` so either version of this phone number can be used whenever providing it as input to an API.

>     If phoneNumber is not provided, then <InlineField>email</InlineField> or <InlineField>phoneNumber</InlineField> will be required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If phoneNumber is not provided, then <InlineField>email</InlineField> or <InlineField>username</InlineField> will be required.
```

Author: Fixed

    {/* more */}

    <Aside>

>       This differs from <InlineField>user.mobilePhone</InlineField> in that <InlineField>user.phoneNumber</InlineField> can be used to login, just like an email address or a username.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      This differs from <InlineField>user.mobilePhone</InlineField> in that <InlineField>user.phoneNumber</InlineField> can be used to log in, just like an email address or a username.
```

Author: Fixed

  </APIField>

  <APIField name="user.twoFactor.methods[x].email" type="String" optional>

>     The value of the email address for this method. Only present if <InlineField>user.twoFactor.methods`[x]`.method</InlineField> is `email`.

Reviewer 2: This was using a double backtick, and now uses a single. I saw another place in the PR where `[x]` was changed to `\[x]` with only the first bracket escaped. What were these changes trying to fix and should the fix be consistent? I still see places in the doc that format this strangely like **methods`[x]`.method**

Author: `eslint --fix` was applied to the entire file, including my changes (not originally this line) and hopefully fix it the right way. The status quo out there right now (see screenshot) looks weird IMO:

<img width="878" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e6dd3311-012f-42fa-8dd7-60e68af2a2ba" />

Reviewer 2: Your change renders the same way for me locally as the double backtick.

The `\[x]` I mentioned elsewhere (under `skipVerification`) was rendering properly, but the `\` seems unnecessary. This renders correctly with the backticks removed entirely.

It feels worth fixing even though it wasn't your change.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ea9e44d1-d398-4dab-aad6-4863dc28aedb)
